>> Scott Moss: So you need to complete
the schemas in the resource models and
then get the model specs to pass.
So every resource, which we only have
three right now, which is playlist,
song and user, theres a .model file,
you need to get them to pass.
Now you might be thinking, well,
I don't know what to put in here.
Well if you run the test
you'll see that it all fills.
The test is descriptive enough to
tell you what fields you need and
what properties need
to be on those fields.
So look at the tests.
If you want to actually look at the tests,
each resource has a .spec file and
you can actually read the test,
it'll tell you.
Like for instance,
if you look at the song model, it says,
a song model should have a title,
even though it's spelled wrong.
Title, it expects it to exist,
it expects the required to be an array.
Now, this is tricky, because I didn't tell
you how to make an array with required.
I only told you how to
do it with a boolean.
So I'm not gonna be a jerk.
I'm actually just gonna show
you how to do this right now.
So right now, before I was like,
you can put required true.
But you can also make
required an array like this.
And the second argument is the custom
error you want to be thrown when this
is not validated.
So like required true.
And you're like, yo,
Dogs must have names homie.
So that is a custom error that's gonna
be thrown when you don't pass it a name.
So the test is looking for
something like this.
So it's saying the required
validation must be an array.
So when that test fails, and you're like,
I don't know how to put in an array for
a required, I thought it was only boolean,
it's talking about this.
This allows you to custom error messages.
This is something so small but
something very helpful.
If you look at the logs
just to see that error, and
be like, I know what's going on.
If you don't do that, Mongoose
will throw the most obscure error.
And it'll be like duplicate key,
1100 dup, you're like, what?
What is that?
I don't know what's going on.
This is way easier to read, so
I highly recommend doing that.
So yeah, get those tests to pass.
All the model tests should pass.
And when I say all the model tests,
let me run the tests so
you can see what I'm talking about.
>> Scott Moss: You see every
single one that has model on it,
which are 11 tests,
they should all be passing.
Pretty much all your tests
should be passing except for
the ones that are in blue right
now because they're being skipped.
So after you get done with this, all your
tests, you should either see all green and
blue, and that's it.
There should be no red.
So again,
use the language that I wrote in the test,
look at the error messages to kind of
figure out what you need to do here.
You know, I'm not really a big fan of
like TDD, I mean who really does TDD?
But on the back end I actually find
myself doing TDD a lot for some reason.
On the front end I can almost never do it.
It's just like I just can't.
I have to build this feature, I gotta test
it out, I gotta check into these browsers.
And then I'll write code to keep it there.
But on the back end I know
exactly what needs to happen.
There's no fragmentation of browsers,
it's gonna run exactly
the same in the same run time.
So it's easy for me to visualize tests,
so I would actually come in and
prefer to have tests on the back end,
and then build my code off of that.
So this is good practice for
that, so think about.
So these tests are done for you, so
if you were given these tests as like,
here, here's some tests,
write the code for this.
This is a good assignment for it.
I think it works very
well on the back end,
I don't think it works that
well on the front end.
>> Speaker 2: It's cuz in the back
end it's data in, data out.
>> Scott Moss: Yeah, exactly.
>> Speaker 2: Like here's your data,
that's posted.
>> Scott Moss: Right.
>> Speaker 2: Or here's a route, and then
you need to serve the appropriate data.
So in the API, it's like okay well,
if it's authenticated,
if it's not authenticated,
give these response codes.
>> Scott Moss: Exactly.
>> Speaker 2: With this data.
It's really just data in,
data out and so you can do entire.
You can write your entire test for
your entire API and
design it just from the data in data out
and then you could do the code later.
>> Scott Moss: That's true,
I never thought about it that way.
Yeah that makes sense.
The front end's like [LAUGH],
there's so much.
There's nothing to do with that at all.
That's like one part of it, so yeah.
>> Speaker 2: Yeah I mean buttons,
interactions.
>> Scott Moss: Right.
>> Speaker 2: Asynchronous data,
all that stuff.
But like especially with
an API like a rest API.
>> Scott Moss: Right.
>> Speaker 2: Even a GraphQL API,
it's data in, data out.
>> Scott Moss: Yep, and
it's crazy because like, it's shifted.
It used to be the fact that we're like,
you would imagine like the back end just
be like way more complicated to
build features around stuff.
And the front end was just like,
this is for kids.
It's a kiddie language,
it's the front end.
But now it's just like, actually the front
end is so difficult to build stuff in now.
And the back end is just like,
this is so easy, this is so easy.
I mean, sure,
DevOps is a whole other thing.
But like building the actual
application on the back end is like,
I find it way more satisfying than
building code for the front end.
Unless I build something that's like super
snazzy on the front with animations or
something, then that's awesome.
But the dev process and
writing the code and
going through it is way more satisfying
on a back end for me personally.